WHAT DOES IT guys and what KMAX So what are you going to add an image here and after that you need to
add the slogan.
All in my professional borage they don't want that I always really like court press developer and you
expert.
And then here and two and a button right here.
So I'm going to go ahead I'm going to hit this OK.
And I want to add something.
So when we want to add this we just click this guy right here.
So I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm going to hit this guy and then you can see that I can add pretty much anything.
So I need an image OK.
So I'm just going to drag it and drop it frame here.
OK.
And it should be here.
So it says choose the image.
I'm just going to come here and I need the image to be like a better 150 went by 150 Not very much large.
So I'm just going to come here and I need to upload the file select file and just select the file that
I want to upload.
So
this is the one I'm just going to come here and I'm going to hit this and you can see that it is coming
right here.
I'm just going to come here and it is insert media.
So this is right here.
You can see that this is coming right here and I'm going to go to the style and here I have the bottom
radius.
So for botter radius I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to rate this going to come here and it
takes 200.
OK so you can see that this is now off the center.
OK.
I think I should be going up to 50 to 50 300
Yes
OK.
Yes.
Three hundred.
So here we go you can see that the border has been applied.
OK.
I'm just going to come here and it seems that Tom may also be 150 at 150 so you can see that how this
is looking this is the image that is coming and it is also the circle right here.
So you can see how created this the border should be solid.
And so you can see that I am basically editing this image right here on clicking this image or applying
this image.
This is the content where you have to choose the assignment choose the alignment made size and everything
you can.
And this is the style where you can style everything.
OK.
So here is the size for the opacity.
Her is over animation.
And then we have the body type so the border is going to be solid.
OK.
And the color is going to be the full one.
So this is going to be a bit cool.
So you can just control the transparency right here.
You can you can see that if I just increase it.
How this is changing the border is changing.
OK so I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to use the normal one.
OK.
And the border really it should be rounded.
So then we have the caption right here.
If you want to add a caption You can also add it.
But since we have our name right here so I didn't think so.
If it is recommended so now we're totally done with this.
You can also do add some animation.
So if I just come in here you can see and I want to just add to my animation so I can just go with the
flow.
So if I just bring my mouse you can see how this is coming.
So let's just skim here and if I just bring my mouse and can see so you can give this effect pretty
well and you can see how trade it is looking like just love it.
So now you can see you can change it.
You can change it to be like hangs.
Q So you can see how this is changing so you can change it to be préval.
Buzz is also great.
You can see I'm dancing.
So I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to go to the floor one because I like this one OK and I'm
going to go ahead and I'm going to hit sick.
So I'm looking just like pretty much an egg.
So now I want to add another text and that is going to be my tagline my professional line that I want
to add.
So I'm going to click this guy right here again.
OK.
And I want to go to.
So you can pretty much go with the heading where you can go with a text editor.
So it totally depends.
You bulldoze the thing.
It's going to do the same job.
So I'm just going to grab the text editor right here because I want to text not a hitting.
So I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to add this to be fab developer or avoid press developer
and there's no expert.
So there we go and know what I want I want to go to the style and I want to align this to center so
you can see that this has been aligned to center and the text is going to be white a bit off right now
for white.
OK.
And the typography should be on and the size should be this.
This looks cool.
OK.
Yes this looks cool.
So now what I want I want to change the family so it's going to be open since
OK and the rate should be 300.
This looks amazing.
This looks seriously amazing.
OK.
And then we have the styles so it should be the default one.
The transformation should be no transformation.
And we have the line height so you can just manage the line hydrate here.
So I'm just going to go with the normal one.
I think this one.
OK.
This looks cool.
Kind of cool.
I'm just going to crab This right here and I can see how this is looking.
So I just need a bit more line height.
OK.
Getting this much.
This is looking amazing.
So you can see my name is coming.
My tagline is coming my profile pictures coming and everything is coming right here.
I need to butt in right here.
I can add to Aberdeen's I can add anything for eight years.
I'm going to show you how you are going to make it work.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
The next video we're going to add some more wood by.